DOCS-10391 Document the RAML fragment file limit when adding the files as API dependencies (#165)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-add-api-dependency.adoc

. Click the plus sign that is at the top of the left pane.
. Select the API fragments that you want to import. You can select from API fragments that are visible to the organizations that you belong to.

[NOTE]
====

> RAML API fragments with more than 1,000 files, or with a total file size greater than 300 MB, are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST-API fragments with more than 1,000 files, or with a total file size greater than 300 MB, are not supported to be used. as a REST-API dependency.
```

what do you think?
